No need to configure the client so early (#342)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/tutorials/join-dal-baker/prepare-account.md

1. Set your installation of the Octez client to use your node instead of the public Weeklynet node:

   - If you have not used the Octez client yet, run this command to initialize it:

   ```bash
   octez-client -E http://127.0.0.1:8732 config init
   ```

>    If you have already initialized the Octez client, run this command to switch to your node:

Reviewer: Maybe this a bit more precise:

```suggestion
   If you have already initialized the Octez client, run this command to instruct it to query your node:
```
